Audit rewrite (#40)
githubtraining/write-a-ll-course: responses/05_map-events.md

# Events

> Alright - you've gotten a project chosen, and you've laid out the steps for your learners. Next, we're going to get into something new with Learning Lab: events! (You can learn more detail about this in [the documentation](https://lab.github.com/docs/events).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alright - you've chosen a project, and you've laid out the steps for your learners. Next, we're going to get into something new with Learning Lab: events! (You can learn more about events in [the documentation](https://lab.github.com/docs/events).)
```

> An `event` is the webhook that the learner triggers. Events tell Learning Lab that it should do something. [You can see all of the events in GitHub's documentation](https://developer.github.com/v3/activity/events/types/). Some of the most common examples are `pull_request.synchronize` or `issue.comment`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `event` is the webhook that is triggered when the learner does something in their repository. Every webhook for the learner's repository is sent to Learning Lab. These events are "read" by Learning Lab. If it is the event the bot has been waiting for, the bot will do what you command. Otherwise, it will ignore the event.  [You can see all of the events in GitHub's documentation](https://developer.github.com/v3/activity/events/types/). Some of the most common examples are `pull_request.synchronize` or `issue.comment`. 
```

| Write a function (commit) | [`pull_request.synchronize`](https://developer.github.com/v3/activity/events/types/#pullrequestevent) |
| Solve a merge conflict (commit | [`push`](https://developer.github.com/v3/activity/events/types/#pushevent) |
| Open a pull request | [`pull_request`](https://developer.github.com/v3/activity/events/types/#pullrequestevent) |
| Implement a test | [`status`](https://developer.github.com/v3/activity/events/types/#statusevent) |
| Comment on an issue | [`issue_commented.created`](https://developer.github.com/v3/activity/events/types/#issuecommentevent) |

## Step 5: Map learning objectives to events

Next, your job is to map your learning objectives to events.

Remember the steps you wrote earlier? Let's find the corresponding events. You'll see some are already done for the examples, but you can focus on your own.

### :keyboard: Activity: Map the learning objectives you wrote to specific events from GitHub webhooks

1. Take a look through [GitHub's documentation for event triggers](https://developer.github.com/v3/activity/events/types/).

> 2. [Edit the `config.yml` file]({{ url }}) on line 29 and make note of the event trigger that matches your first objective.

Reviewer: @brianamarie since the PR is created when I join the course, I can't see what I wrote here for steps. That makes it a little challenging to remember what to do next. Again, could we instruct them to make this change and then open the PR?

Author: @crichID I'm open to having the user open their own PR, but I had thought that [lines 114-116 in the config, where master is merged into this branch](https://github.com/githubtraining/write-a-ll-course/pull/40/files#diff-0f1be8eec416e71c28b41efb0544df26R114-R116), would have prevented this. When I go through the course after these edits, I will keep an eye out for this. 

If the changes _were_ present, would that solve the problem? Or are there other reasons that I'm missing that would make the flow of having the user open the PR easier?
